Now I will show the option that is plywood
Yes, I took no pity sheet of the whole
dissolve I took
taped from two 9 plywood from see yes in
press squeezed that is what happened
small offset but also to us
be them now you can
a jigsaw of dates or there will be some sort
irregularities i'll show you how with
using a router
make this plane perfect
make the price cutters cutters
Yes, what kind of threat from the bearing can
take a base of indifference look at you
there is one flat side
turn the cutter to measure on and so knows
about even the prize was here
I don’t even need to change the lock
need to
45 millimeters 45 and a half idle
at 45 here I have an offset
small just note here 45 but
here here is a little more here 47
mark and so you direct I screwed to
table that it was all clearly possible
whatever opinion and shed use
and all that is the prize is exposed this
moment of course over habit here like
keep failing shiva
law
but
for whom
to be afraid
arms
got the perfect plane like after
saws
This if you have no circulars can here
so edge processing i think showed
All this is quite understandable if you
there is also no jointer meaning you can
in this way even glue together the perfect
plane
this ideal plane depends on
evenness your direction can
use ted building rules
time hard enough to watch then
there is a longer
and you need here from that is to march in
the middle did not walk if the middle is walking
try to press some more
can essentially a clamp here
in the middle
attached processed this part to clamp
removed twisted it here further
continue I think everything was clear to everyone
thank you for your attention